Say what?
I have done business with Mr. J more than once
He was generous.
And very powerful
At the beginning of this year, he found someone to metabolize me
Said when I got out of prison
He will come to Southern Province in person to negotiate a big sale with me
But it's because you've been watching it too long
It never happened.
Therefore, Lin Shengqiang is eager to occupy the magpie's nest
To replace you
Become Mr. Ji's only partner in Southern Province
Well, Mr. Ji came to South Province
What is the big sale?
I want to see Linger
Otherwise I won't say anything
You be honest first
Then you just wait.
These are in cooperation with Lin Shengxiang Jingcheng
Don't say it's your location then.
No one knows. Okay.
I promise to take you to see Linger
But
The doctor said that Wu Lin Er has just shown signs of awakening
Not too much mood swings yet
Please go out first
I want to be alone with Linger
Aren't you afraid of his class escape?
Come on.
Linger, it's all Dad's fault
But
Why do you have to block that damn undercover?
What about bullets?
Dad has been in Nancheng for so many years
Never been afraid of anything
Only you are Dad's weakness
You hand over the golden key
Dad, go in again, how should you live?
You can't
I can't be trapped by them
Linger, wait a minute
Dad will pick you up soon.